Further clarifications about credential validity without status assertions (#78)
peppelinux/draft-demarco-oauth-status-assertions: draft-demarco-oauth-status-assertions.md

Digital Credential issuance which it refers;
- MUST contain the expiration datetime after which
the Status Assertion MUST NOT be considered valid anymore,

> and the Digital Credential referred to SHOULD NOT
> be considered as having a valid status,
> since it appears without verification against any revocation.
> The expiration datetime MUST be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and the Digital Credential referred to SHOULD NOT
be considered as having a valid status, unless there exists some specific verifier policy that provides stronger guidance.
The expiration datetime MUST be
```
